## OSD

osd.bg: Flat
osd.bg.color: #323A45

osd.hilight.bg: Flat
osd.hilight.bg.color: #DE5362

osd.unhilight.bg: Flat
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #656D78

osd.label.text.color: #F5F7FA

## Menus

# Border

menu.border.width: 0

# Text

menu.title.text.justify: Center
menu.title.text.color: #ffffff

menu.items.text.color: #F5F7FA
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #454545
menu.items.active.text.color: #F5F7FA
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #454545

menu.separator.color: #656D78
menu.separator.padding.width: 0

# Backgrounds

menu.items.bg: Flat
menu.items.bg.color: #323A45

menu.items.active.bg: Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: #DE5362

menu.title.bg: Flat
menu.title.bg.color: #323A45

## Active Windows

# Border, Handle, Padding

border.width: 0
window.active.border.color: #323A45

window.handle.width: 2
window.active.handle.bg: flat
window.active.handle.bg.color: #323A45
window.active.grip.bg: parentrelative

padding.width: 5
padding.height: 3
window.client.padding.width: 0

# Text

window.label.text.justify: Left
window.active.label.text.color: #ffffff

# Backrounds

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.title.bg: Flat 
window.active.title.bg.color: #323A45

# Buttons

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #F5F7FA
window.active.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #F5F7FA

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #DE5362
window.active.button.toggled.pressed.image.color: #DE5362

window.active.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #DE5362
window.active.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #DE5362

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #323A45

## Inactive Windows

# Border, Handle, Padding

window.inactive.border.color: #323A45

# Text #

window.label.text.justify: Left
window.inactive.label.text.color: #323A45

# Backgrounds #

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.title.bg: Flat
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #323A45

# Buttons #

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #323A45
window.inactive.button.toggled.unpressed.image.color: #323A45

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #DE5362
window.inactive.button.toggled.pressed.image.color: #DE5362

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #DE5362
window.inactive.button.toggled.hover.image.color: #DE5362

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #323A45
